# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the Property class?
In console.rb
Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby Property object into the database?
In properties.sql
Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?
property3.save()
property1.delete()
property1.save()
Property.delete_all()
Q4. Why do we not define the id of a Property object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
Because it is created at the point of save and it needs to be linked with database entry.
Q5. Where and how do we assign the property id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby object?
We do it when db is executing prepared in
@id = db.exec_prepared("save", values)[0]["id"]
Q6. Why do we put a guard (an ‘if’ clause) on the @id attribute in the constructor?
Because we do not want to assign the @id attribute before id for data entry is created. That way we can link both. That way @id is assign to the object only once it has been linked with the database/
Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others, class methods?
Because instance methods are called on individual objects ie instances of a class. Class methods, are called on all objects in the class.
Q8. What type of data structure is returned by db.exec() and db.exec_prepared(), and how do we index into it to pull out a desired attribute?
It return an array. We access it by accessing first value it [0] in the array.
Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
In order to protect database from malicious SQL injection. IT also speeds up the process.
## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the Property class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
Id and address of an object
Q11. What are their return values?
AN object.
